Mithril update 2025-02-19 (#542)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-02-19-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-02-19-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

> ## High level overview
> 
> This week, the Mithril team released the new distribution [`2506.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2506.0) which fixes a security advisory they have published for the certificate chain.
> 
> The team continued implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, completed the client library, client CLI, and monitoring; they also fixed some bugs and worked on improvements of the unstable features. Additionally, they worked on the decommission of the `testing-sanchonet` Mithril network and the end of support for macOS x64 pre-built binaries in the CI.
> 
> Finally, the team fixed all the remaining flakiness in end-to-end tests in the CI and worked on the cleanup of the legacy code from the 'Thales' era.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## High level overview

This week, the Mithril team released the new distribution [`2506.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2506.0), which fixes a certificate chain security issue discussed in this [developer blog post](https://mithril.network/doc/dev-blog/2025/02/14/client-security-advisory)

The team continued implementing incremental certification of the Cardano database, completed the client library, client CLI, and monitoring, fixed bugs, and worked on unstable features. Additionally, they worked on decommissioning the `testing-sanchonet` Mithril network and ending support for macOS x64 pre-built binaries in the CI.

Finally, the team fixed all remaining flakiness in end-to-end tests in the CI and worked on cleaning up legacy code from the 'Thales' era.
```
